---
layout: article
title: Researchers are key
date: 2018-06-17
categories: Newspapers, Spanish, XIX
image:
#  feature: biblioteca_historica.jpg
  teaser: logoICP.jpg
---
**Who is a researcher?**

The person at the entrance of the cul-de-sac is often the most informed about who comes and goes. Is that valid knowledge? The AGPR was founded to recognize this and many other kinds of knowledge and the multiple benefits that it can produced to everyone. Nevertheless, the traditional definition of the researcher and knowledge may be working against the Archive. This is why this project attempts to include the immense and generally ignored knowledge of the people that have constructed the holdings of the AGPR.

This process starts by considering how the privileges bestowed on professors by the merit of their position can also be used to expose the public to the materials. In other words, the project uses the energy that many professors are already devoting to their own research in order to produce the content. The AGPR already offers this service to the researchers but the product of their work should have the widest impact possible.

**What we propose is the following:**
1. Researchers take photographs of archival material that they find useful or interesting.
2. They fill out a form that is tailored to elicit responses without technical jargon.
3. They attach both to an email and send it out to the maintainer to post.

**Starting out**

This means that at the beginning, the majority of the content will be produced by specialized contributors. However, the content will not be specialized in nature and will ask for contributions to the posts via email and social media. Eventually, the promotion generated by automatically linking each blog post with every social media account held by the AGPR (and including professors' handles) should spark willing participants from the general public, students, and amateur archivists; thereby increasing Internet traffic for the AGPR. The project also wants to leverage this attention to promote the work of the professors by adding citations for more information from their published work in every post that they submit.   
